UNIT FILE                              STATE   
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount      static  
dev-hugepages.mount                    static  
dev-mqueue.mount                       static  
media.mount                            static  
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount          static  
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount          static  
sys-kernel-config.mount                static  
sys-kernel-debug.mount                 static  
systemd-ask-password-console.path      static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path     static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.path         static  
arp-ethers.service                     enabled 
atd.service                            enabled 
auditd.service                         enabled 
autovt@.service                        disabled
console-getty.service                  disabled
console-shell.service                  disabled
crond.service                          enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service   static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service    static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service static  
dbus.service                           static  
debug-shell.service                    disabled
display-manager.service                static  
dm-event.service                       disabled
dnsmasq.service                        disabled
dovecot.service                        enabled 
dracut-shutdown.service                static  
emergency.service                      static  
fedora-autorelabel-mark.service        static  
fedora-autorelabel.service             static  
fedora-configure.service               static  
fedora-import-state.service            static  
fedora-loadmodules.service             static  
fedora-readonly.service                static  
fedora-storage-init-late.service       static  
fedora-storage-init.service            static  
fedora-wait-storage.service            static  
fsck-root.service                      static  
fsck@.service                          static  
getty@.service                         enabled 
halt-local.service                     static  
halt.service                           static  
hibernate.service                      static  
httpd-event.service                    disabled
httpd-worker.service                   disabled
httpd.service                          enabled 
ip6tables.service                      disabled
iptables.service                       disabled
kexec.service                          static  
lvm2-monitor.service                   enabled 
messagebus.service                     static  
mysqld.service                         enabled 
named.service                          enabled 
plymouth-halt.service                  static  
plymouth-kexec.service                 static  
plymouth-poweroff.service              static  
plymouth-quit-wait.service             static  
plymouth-quit.service                  static  
plymouth-read-write.service            static  
plymouth-reboot.service                static  
plymouth-start.service                 static  
postfix.service                        enabled 
poweroff.service                       static  
prefdm.service                         static  
proftpd.service                        enabled 
quotacheck.service                     static  
quotaon.service                        static  
rc-local.service                       static  
rdisc.service                          disabled
reboot.service                         static  
rescue.service                         static  
rsyslog.service                        enabled 
saslauthd.service                      disabled
sendmail.service                       disabled
serial-getty@.service                  static  
single.service                         static  
sm-client.service                      disabled
sshd.service                           enabled 
sssd.service                           disabled
suspend.service                        static  
syslog.service                         enabled 
systemd-ask-password-console.service   static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service  static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service      static  
systemd-binfmt.service                 static  
systemd-debug-shell.service            disabled
systemd-hostnamed.service              static  
systemd-initctl.service                static  
systemd-journald.service               static  
systemd-localed.service                static  
systemd-logind.service                 static  
systemd-modules-load.service           static  
systemd-random-seed-load.service       static  
systemd-random-seed-save.service       static  
systemd-readahead-collect.service      enabled 
systemd-readahead-done.service         static  
systemd-readahead-replay.service       enabled 
systemd-remount-fs.service             static  
systemd-shutdownd.service              static  
systemd-sysctl.service                 static  
systemd-timedated.service              static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service         static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service         static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service   static  
systemd-update-utmp-shutdown.service   static  
systemd-user-sessions.service          static  
systemd-vconsole-setup.service         static  
udev-settle.service                    disabled
udev-trigger.service                   static  
udev.service                           static  
user@.service                          static  
wpa_supplicant.service                 disabled
dbus.socket                            static  
dm-event.socket                        enabled 
dovecot.socket                         disabled
syslog.socket                          static  
systemd-initctl.socket                 static  
systemd-journald.socket                static  
systemd-shutdownd.socket               static  
udev-control.socket                    static  
udev-kernel.socket                     static  
basic.target                           static  
bluetooth.target                       static  
cryptsetup.target                      static  
ctrl-alt-del.target                    disabled
default.target                         enabled 
emergency.target                       static  
final.target                           static  
getty.target                           static  
graphical.target                       disabled
halt.target                            disabled
hibernate.target                       static  
http-daemon.target                     static  
kexec.target                           disabled
local-fs-pre.target                    static  
local-fs.target                        static  
mail-transfer-agent.target             static  
multi-user.target                      enabled 
network.target                         static  
nss-lookup.target                      static  
nss-user-lookup.target                 static  
poweroff.target                        disabled
printer.target                         static  
reboot.target                          disabled
remote-fs-pre.target                   static  
remote-fs.target                       enabled 
rescue.target                          disabled
rpcbind.target                         static  
runlevel0.target                       disabled
runlevel1.target                       disabled
runlevel2.target                       disabled
runlevel3.target                       disabled
runlevel4.target                       disabled
runlevel5.target                       disabled
runlevel6.target                       disabled
shutdown.target                        static  
sigpwr.target                          static  
sleep.target                           static  
smartcard.target                       static  
sockets.target                         static  
sound.target                           static  
suspend.target                         static  
swap.target                            static  
sysinit.target                         static  
syslog.target                          static  
systemd-timedated-ntp.target           disabled
time-sync.target                       static  
umount.target                          static  
systemd-readahead-done.timer           static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer           static  

172 unit files listed.
